MS ANNIKA LICENSE AGREEMENT

1.	This is the "MS Annika" Freeware Software License Agreement, applying to the MS Annika software with the copyright owners University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria GmbH (FH OÖ), Franz-Fritsch-Straße 11, 4600 Wels, and Research Institute of Molecular Pathology (IMP), Dr. Bohr-Gasse 7, 1030 Vienna, Austria. The software "MS Annika" is provided as freeware. Authors of the software are Micha Johannes Birklbauer, Georg Pirklbauer, Daniela Borgmann, Stephan Winkler, Karl Mechtler, and Viktoria Dorfer. All authors must be indicated on "MS Annika".
2.	Using the software MS Annika you automatically agree to the terms and conditions contained within this Freeware Software License which is effective while using the software MS Annika in the freeware version.
3.	The University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria GmbH (FH OÖ) and the Research Institute of Molecular Pathology (IMP) grant the Licensee a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to reproduce and use the software for personal purposes.
4.	Licensees may not rent, lease, lend, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble "MS Annika".
5.	Any proprietary rights, titles, ownership and intellectual property rights of "MS Annika" remain with the University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria GmbH (FH OÖ) and the Research Institute of Molecular Pathology (IMP). The product is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws.
6.	The copyright holder reserves the right to reclassify this software as a non-freeware product at any time. This will not automatically affect the license agreement of previously distributed copies of the software. The University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria GmbH (FH OÖ) and the Research Institute of Molecular Pathology (IMP) may also terminate this agreement without any specified reason or if the licensee breaches any of its terms.
7.	Upon termination of this agreement the licensee is obliged to destroy all personal copies of "MS Annika" obtained under this license.
8.	Licensees are not entitled to receive any documentation, technical support or updates to "MS Annika".
9.	This agreement does not affect terms of other agreements regarding "MS Annika".
10.	THE SOFTWARE "MS Annika" IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
11.	Austrian Law is applicable to this license agreement. The relevant court for all disputes arising out of or in connection with this agreement is the competent court in Linz, Austria.
