README.md, before:

# MS Annika

MS Annika is a crosslink search engine based on [MS Amanda](https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/pr500202e), aimed at identifying crosslinks of MS2-cleavable crosslinkers from MS2 and MS3 spectra.

You can read more about MS Annika [here](https://ms.imp.ac.at/?action=ms-annika) and [here](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jproteome.0c01000).

**This repository contains the latest release versions of MS Annika.**

- Latest MS Annika 2.0 [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD3.1/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 3.1: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD3.1/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika 2.0 [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD3.0/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 3.0: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD3.0/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika 2.0 [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD2.5/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 2.5: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD2.5/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD2.4/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 2.4: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD2.4/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD2.3/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 2.3: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD2.3/latest.zip)

A list of changes in every version can be found in [HISTORY.md](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/blob/master/HISTORY.md).

## Example Workflows

Example workflows that can be used in Proteome Discoverer*:

- [DSSO MS2 search (CID, ETD, HCD, stepped HCD)](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/workflows/PD3.0/DSSO_MS2.pdAnalysis)
- [DSSO MS2-MS3 search (MS3 recorded in the orbitrap)](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/workflows/PD3.0/DSSO_MS2_MS3_Orbitrap.pdAnalysis)
- [DSSO MS2-MS3 search (MS3 recorded in the ion trap)](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/workflows/PD3.0/DSSO_MS2_MS3_Iontrap.pdAnalysis)

*The provided workflows also require the installation of [MS Amanda](https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/pr500202e) which can be downloaded [here](https://ms.imp.ac.at/?action=ms-amanda).

## Known Issues

[List of known issues](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/issues)

## Citing

If you are using MS Annika please cite:
```
MS Annika: A New Cross-Linking Search Engine
Georg J. Pirklbauer, Christian E. Stieger, Manuel Matzinger, Stephan Winkler, Karl Mechtler, and Viktoria Dorfer
Journal of Proteome Research 2021 20 (5), 2560-2569
DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.0c01000
```

## Contact

- [micha.birklbauer@fh-hagenberg.at](mailto:micha.birklbauer@fh-hagenberg.at)

Commit message:

add citation for MS Annika 2.0

README.md, after:

# MS Annika

MS Annika is a crosslink search engine based on [MS Amanda](https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/pr500202e), aimed at identifying crosslinks of MS2-cleavable crosslinkers from MS2 and MS3 spectra.

You can read more about MS Annika [here](https://ms.imp.ac.at/?action=ms-annika) and [here](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jproteome.0c01000).

**This repository contains the latest release versions of MS Annika.**

- Latest MS Annika 2.0 [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD3.1/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 3.1: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD3.1/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika 2.0 [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD3.0/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 3.0: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD3.0/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika 2.0 [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD2.5/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 2.5: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD2.5/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD2.4/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 2.4: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD2.4/latest.zip)
- Latest MS Annika [version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/master/releases/latest/PD2.3/version.txt) for Proteome Discoverer 2.3: [**download**](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/releases/latest/PD2.3/latest.zip)

A list of changes in every version can be found in [HISTORY.md](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/blob/master/HISTORY.md).

## Example Workflows

Example workflows that can be used in Proteome Discoverer*:

- [DSSO MS2 search (CID, ETD, HCD, stepped HCD)](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/workflows/PD3.0/DSSO_MS2.pdAnalysis)
- [DSSO MS2-MS3 search (MS3 recorded in the orbitrap)](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/workflows/PD3.0/DSSO_MS2_MS3_Orbitrap.pdAnalysis)
- [DSSO MS2-MS3 search (MS3 recorded in the ion trap)](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/raw/master/workflows/PD3.0/DSSO_MS2_MS3_Iontrap.pdAnalysis)

*The provided workflows also require the installation of [MS Amanda](https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/pr500202e) which can be downloaded [here](https://ms.imp.ac.at/?action=ms-amanda).

## Known Issues

[List of known issues](https://github.com/hgb-bin-proteomics/MSAnnika/issues)

## Citing

If you are using MS Annika please cite:
```
MS Annika 2.0 Identifies Cross-Linked Peptides in MS2–MS3-Based Workflows at High Sensitivity and Specificity
Micha J. Birklbauer, Manuel Matzinger, Fränze Müller, Karl Mechtler, and Viktoria Dorfer
Journal of Proteome Research 2023 22 (9), 3009-3021
DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.3c00325
```
or
```
MS Annika: A New Cross-Linking Search Engine
Georg J. Pirklbauer, Christian E. Stieger, Manuel Matzinger, Stephan Winkler, Karl Mechtler, and Viktoria Dorfer
Journal of Proteome Research 2021 20 (5), 2560-2569
DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.0c01000
```

## Contact

- [micha.birklbauer@fh-hagenberg.at](mailto:micha.birklbauer@fh-hagenberg.at)
